README.md, before:

# project-capstone

Presentation 
- https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13fey4Nzs-MHNS3qDf0GmpccINqg_SIVSE6mhTkwsUiM/edit?usp=sharing

Purpose
When listing any house, the numerous measurements any 
good REALTOR® will consider range from the condition of 
the property to what’s for lunch that day. Most prevalent, though, 
is their assessment of demand; after all, a million-dollar mansion 
(or million-dollar shed in San Francisco), is only worth $1,000,000 
if someone will purchase it at that price. 

As humans take up space, one main driver of demand in any 
housing market is population. The more people seek to live in
any location, the more valuable that location is.

While it is entirely reasonable for you to build a $7.9m single-family 
resort in Sidney, Nebraska, you may encounter a few difficulties 
trying to sell it in 2019.
 
On the other hand, however, if you were the individual who bought 
the modest 4 bed, 4 bath, 4,437 sqft abode at 24 Clarendon Ave,
San Francisco, CA 94114 on August 5th, 1996 for $588,000,
![alt text](https://github.com/gumdropsteve/project-capstone/blob/master/presentation/images/Screenshot_2019-04-11%20project_capstone_1pager.png)

you could comfortably list it for a mere $4,400,000 and expect to
sell in about 40 days, while moaning about how you should have 
bought the house down the street, currently listed at $5,995,000.

The goal of this project is to utilize machine learning on combined
US Census and American Community Survey datasets to predict
future population of a given place in the United States.   

![alt text](https://github.com/gumdropsteve/project-capstone/blob/master/presentation/images/tech-used-Screenshot_2019-04-11%20project_capstone_1pager.png )

Wording incomplete 
- project in 12 words
    - Predicting population growth or decline on scalable communities in the United States. (12)
    - Predicting trend for any selected US population with Census data. (10)
    - Assessing the current and future states of population for given zip code(s) with Census data and machine learning. (18) 

Galvanize Data Science Immersive Capstone Project (Spring 2019, San Francisco, g88)

- population by place (e.g. Pleasanton, California ; Bentonville, Arkansas)
    - based on Census 1970 to 2010
- population by county (e.g. Alameda County, California ; Benton County, Arkansas)
    - based on Census 1790 to 2010
- population by zip code (e.g. 94566 ; 72710)
    - based on American Community Survey 5-year estimates 2011-2017

Commit message:

hyperlink house listings
hyperlink house listings; change to theoretical purpose

README.md, after:

# project-capstone

Presentation 
- https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13fey4Nzs-MHNS3qDf0GmpccINqg_SIVSE6mhTkwsUiM/edit?usp=sharing

Theoretical Continued Purpose
When listing any house, the numerous measurements any 
good REALTOR® will consider range from the condition of 
the property to what’s for lunch that day. Most prevalent, though, 
is their assessment of demand; after all, a million-dollar mansion 
(or million-dollar shed in San Francisco), is only worth $1,000,000 
if someone will purchase it at that price. 

As humans take up space, one main driver of demand in any 
housing market is population. The more people seek to live in
any location, the more valuable that location is.

While it is entirely reasonable for you to build a $7.9m single-family 
resort in Sidney, Nebraska, you may encounter a few difficulties 
trying to sell it in 2019.
 
On the other hand, however, if you were the individual who bought 
the modest 4 bed, 4 bath, 4,437 sqft abode at [24 Clarendon Ave](https://www.realtor.com/realestateandhomes-detail/24-Clarendon-Ave_San-Francisco_CA_94114_M28366-36605),
San Francisco, CA 94114 on August 5th, 1996 for $588,000,
![alt text](https://github.com/gumdropsteve/project-capstone/blob/master/presentation/images/Screenshot_2019-04-11%20project_capstone_1pager.png)

you could comfortably list it for a mere $4,400,000 and expect to
sell in about 40 days, while moaning about how you should have 
bought the [house down the street](https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/140-Clarendon-Ave-San-Francisco-CA-94114/15129075_zpid/?utm_source=email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=emo-sendtofriend-similar-homes-image&rtoken=558bffa9-675a-4f63-94d0-c46d8aee2893~X1-ZUyeh68ohf1og9_9skq8), currently listed at $5,995,000.

The goal of this project is to utilize machine learning on combined
US Census and American Community Survey datasets to predict
future population of a given place in the United States. With the results
we can move on to assess property values and how they relate.

![alt text](https://github.com/gumdropsteve/project-capstone/blob/master/presentation/images/tech-used-Screenshot_2019-04-11%20project_capstone_1pager.png )

Wording incomplete 
- project in 12 words
    - Predicting population growth or decline on scalable communities in the United States. (12)
    - Predicting trend for any selected US population with Census data. (10)
    - Assessing the current and future states of population for given zip code(s) with Census data and machine learning. (18) 

Galvanize Data Science Immersive Capstone Project (Spring 2019, San Francisco, g88)

- population by place (e.g. Pleasanton, California ; Bentonville, Arkansas)
    - based on Census 1970 to 2010
- population by county (e.g. Alameda County, California ; Benton County, Arkansas)
    - based on Census 1790 to 2010
- population by zip code (e.g. 94566 ; 72710)
    - based on American Community Survey 5-year estimates 2011-2017
